gps_compass: add Holybro Unicore GPS module (#2346)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/gps_compass/gps_holybro_unicore.md

# Holybro Unicore UM982 GPS

> The [Holybro Unicore UM982 GPS](http://www.holybro.com/product/TODO/) is an multi-band high-precision [RTK GNSS System](../gps_compass/rtk_gps.md) series launched by Holybro.

Reviewer: Reminder need TODO on link filled

The module is based on the [Unicore UM982 GNSS module](https://en.unicorecomm.com/products/detail/24) which supports RTK positioning as well as dual-antenna heading calculation.

One GNSS module comes with two antennas allowing for GPS heading using only one GPS connector/port.

## Where to Buy

* [H-RTK F9P (Holybro Website)](https://shop.holybro.com/TODO)

## Configuration

The Unicore module talks the NMEA protocol extended with some proprietary Unicore sentences. The serial baudrate is 230400.

> In order to use it in PX4, the following parameters need to be set (parameters if connected to GPS 1):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following PX4 parameters [must be set](../advanced_config/parameters.md) (if connected to GPS 1):
```

- [SER_GPS1_BAUD](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#SER_GPS1_BAUD) -> 230400
- [GPS_1_PROTOCOL](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#GPS_1_PROTOCOL) -> 6: NMEA

> - [GPS_1_PROTOCOL](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#GPS_1_PROTOCOL) -> 6: NMEA

Reviewer: These two lines are the same

Author: Thanks, happy copy pasting.

Author: Fixed.

> ## Enable GPS heading/yaw

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enable GPS Heading/Yaw
```

The Unicore module comes with two antennas, a primary (right connector) and a secondary (left connector) antenna.

- [EKF2_AID_MASK](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#EKF2_AID_MASK) -> Set bit 7 (128) to enable GPS yaw fusion, so to use the GPS heading
- [GPS_YAW_OFFSET](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#GPS_YAW_OFFSET) -> Set heading offset to 0 if the primary antenna is in the front. The angle increases clock-wise, so set the offset to 90 degrees if the primary antenna is on the right side of the vehicle (and the secondary on the left side).

> ## RTK corrections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## RTK Corrections
```

:::note

> The RTK functionality has not been tested and verified yet.

Reviewer: When this occurs, there are more links that will need to be added for this - e.g. https://docs.px4.io/main/en/gps_compass/rtk_gps.html#supported-rtk-devices

Author: Done.

:::

## Wiring

> The module comes with both GH 10-pin & 6-pin cables that are compatible with the GPS1 & GPS2 ports on flight controllers that use the Pixhawk Connector Standard, such as [Pixhawk 6x](../flight_controller/pixhawk6x.md) and [Pixhawk 6c](../flight_controller/pixhawk6c.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module comes with both GH 10-pin & 6-pin cables that are compatible with the GPS1 & GPS2 ports on flight controllers that use the [Pixhawk Connector Standard](https://github.com/pixhawk/Pixhawk-Standards/blob/master/DS-009%20Pixhawk%20Connector%20Standard.pdf), such as [Pixhawk 6x](../flight_controller/pixhawk6x.md) and [Pixhawk 6c](../flight_controller/pixhawk6c.md).
```
